+++
comments = true	# set false to hide Disqus
date = "2019-07-02T14:18:16+04:00"
draft = false
share = true	# set false to hide share buttons
slug = "monthly-art-number-41"
tags = ["art"]
title = "Monthly Art #41"

+++
This is a monthly "newsletter", containing a list of what I enjoyed the most
last month. Whether it was a full length movie, short film, music album, book
or even a painting.


{{< tweet 1145605391709028354 >}}

<!--more-->

**What I am watching**

* PIONEERS: Gregory Chaitin: Against Method

{{< youtube id="HeMSAtbM9Gg" >}}

"Against Method is an episode of the Pioneers series, the unique documentary
film project devoted to the most unorthodox contemporary thinkers who challenge
current paradigms and go against the publish or perish decree"

* Josh Waitzkin How to Cram 2 Months of Learning into 1 Day | The Tim Ferriss Show

{{< youtube id="4r6gr7uytQA" >}}

Although I didn't like his book that much, this interview strikes the right
balance between Josh's life stories and advices.

* Scott Galloway Says Amazon, Apple, Facebook, And Google should be broken up

{{< youtube id="6NyFRIgulPo" >}}

With Facebook announcing Libra, tech giants seem to continue their path to
world domination. Some people like Scott Galloway call to action now before
it's too late.

**What I am reading**

* [Why books don't work](https://andymatuschak.org/books/)

I love books. Not of all of them. While a few do enrich you with a desired
knowledge, they still suck as information medium. But we're still reading them.
It's like using a carriage when you have the tech to build Tesla. Maybe some
form will emerge in the near future taking advantage of bleeding edge AR? We'll
see

* [Map of Bay Area Memespace](https://juliagalef.com/2017/02/20/map-of-bay-area-memespace/)

"The Bay Area is unusually dense with idea-driven subcultures that mix and
cross-pollinate in fascinating ways, many of which are already enriching
rationalist culture."

--

So long
